Add note to use device by id instead of USB to avoid issues on reboot (#31608)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sms.markdown

The resulting product id now should be different and the brand id should be the same.
And `ls -l /dev/*USB*` should now report your device.

> Note: if you have multiple USB devices, USB number order can change on boot, it's preferable to use your device in `/dev/serial/by-id/*` (ex: `/dev/serial/by-id/usb-HUAWEI_MOBILE_HUAWEI_MOBILE-if00-port0`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if you have multiple USB devices, USB number order can change on boot. For this reason, it's preferable to use your device ID and look in `/dev/serial/by-id/*`. For example,  `/dev/serial/by-id/usb-HUAWEI_MOBILE_HUAWEI_MOBILE-if00-port0`.
```
